=== Page 43 ===
Annual Report - General Order No. R5-2007-0035
Reporting period 04/16/2024 to 04/15/2025.
REQUIRED ATTACHMENTS
A.
ATTACHMENTS
The following lists the required documents that should be attached to the Annual Report when submitted .
Annual Dairy Facility Assessment
Provide an Annual Dairy Facility Assessment (an update to the Preliminary Dairy Facility Assessment in Attachment A) for each reporting period.  On the PDFA Final 
page, click on the ADFA Report button to generate an ADFA report after updating information as needed .
Manure/Process Wastewater Tracking Manifests
Provide copies of all manure/process wastewater tracking manifests for the reporting period, signed by both the owner/operator and the hauler.
Corrective Actions Documents
Provide records documenting any corrective actions taken to correct deficiencies noted as a result of the inspections required in the Monitoring Requirements of the 
General Order. Deficiencies not corrected in 30 days must be accompanied by an explanation of the factors preventing immediate correction.
Groundwater Monitoring
Dischargers that monitor supply wells or subsurface (tile) drainage systems, or that have monitoring well systems must submit monitoring results as directed in the 
General Order, Groundwater Reporting Section starting on page MRP-13.
Storm Water Monitoring
Dischargers that are required to monitor storm water more frequently than required in the General Order must submit monitoring results as directed in the General Order, 
Storm Water Reporting Section on page MRP-14.
06/30/2025 16:16:06
Page 1 of 1
Gerrit Visser & Sons | 18565 S  Marks AVE | Riverdale, CA 93656 | Fresno County | Tulare Basin


=== Page 46 ===
A T T A C H M E N T  D
Manure/Process Wastewater Tracking Manifest
For
Existing Milk Cow Dairies
Instructions:
1) Complete one manifest for each hauling event, for each destination. A hauling event may last for
several days, as long as the manure is being hauled to the same destination
2)If there are multiple destinations, complete a separate form for each destination.
3) The operator must obtain the signature of the hauler upon completion of each manure-hauling event.
4) The operator shall submit copies of manure/process wastewater tracking manifest(s) with the Annual
Monitoring Report for Existing Milk Cow Dairies.
Operator Information:
Name of Operator:
T r a v i r  V i r e n
Name of Dairy Facility:
Cerrit Visser + Sour
Facility Address:
18437 S. Marks Ave Riverdale
Number and Street
City
- Virser
9 3 6 5 6
Zip Code
559-905-038/
Contact Person Name and Phone Number:
Phone Number
Manure/Process Wastewater Hauler Information:
Name of Hauling Company/Person:
Burroco
Bros Trucking t Spreadng
Address of Hauling Company /Person:13245 W Jrusun Kemisn
93610
Number and Street .
Zip Code
Contact Person:
Danny Burrous
Name
5 5 9 - 9 7 8 - 1 7 1 0
Phone Number
Destination Information:
Composting Facility (Broker Farmer / Other (identify)
(please circle one)
Contact information of Composting Facility, Broker, Farmer, or Other (as identified above):
Name
Number and Street
City
Zip Code
Phone Number
Manure/Process Wastewater Destination Address or Assessor's Parcel Number:
Number and Street
City
J u n e  -  O c t
Zip Code
2 0 2 4
A s s e s s o r ' s  P a r c e l  N u m b e r
Dates Hauled:
Amount Hauled:
Enter the amount of manure hauled in tons or cubic yards (indicate the units used), the manure
solids content (if amount reported in tons) or manure density (if amount reported in cubic yards),
and the method used to calculate the amount:
Manure. -5420
Tons or Cubic Yards (indicate which units used)
Manure Solids Content (i amount reported in tons): -
8 1 . 2
Manure Density (if amount reported in cubic yards):


=== Page 47 ===
D - 2
Attachment D
Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No. R5-2007-0035
Existing Milk Cow Dairies
T r u c k  S e s h e s
Method used to determine amount of manure:
Enter the amount of process wastewater hauled in gallons and the method used to determine the
amount.
Process Wastewater:
Gallons
Method used to determine volume of process wastewater:
N A
Written Agreement:
Does the Operator have a written agreement (in compliance with Land Application Specification
C.2 of Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No. R5-2007-0035) with any party that
receives process wastewater from the Operator for its own use? (please check one)
NA Yes
No
If the answer is no, the Operator agrees to have such a written agreement with any such party
for any process wastewater transferred after 31 December 2007 to such party.
(Operator shall provide initials here to acknowledge this requirement).
Certification:
I declare under the penalty of law that I personally examined and am familiar with the information
submitted in this document, and that based on my inquiry of those individuals immediately responsible for
obtaining the information, I believe that the information is true, accurate, and complete. I am aware that
there are significant penalties for submitting false information, including the possibility of a fine and
imprisonment for knowing violations
Operator's Signature:
Hauler's Signature: Connie Burran
Date: -6/30/25
Date: 6/125
