=== Page 70 ===
Manure/Process Wastewater Tracking Manifest For Existing Milk Cow Dairies

Instructions:
1) Complete one manifest for each hauling eveni, for each destination. A hauling event may last for several days, as long as the manure is being hauled to the same
destination,

2) ‘If there are mulliple destinations, complete a separate form for each destination.

3) The operator must obtain the signature of the hauler upon completion of each manure-hauling event.

4) The operator shall submit copies of manure/process wastewater tracking manifest(s) with the Annual Monitoring
Operator Information:
Name of Operator:

Milk Cow Dairies.

Name of Dalry Facility:

Facility Address:     \W ~ |

Number and Street

Contact Person Name:                                                      =       a            “     (ae

Name                                          Phone Number
Manure/Process Wastewater Hauler Information:
Name of Hauling Company/Person:

Address of Hauling Company /Person:
Number and Street                                     City                Zip Code

Contact Person:

Name                                                                           Phone Number

Destination Information:
Composting Facility / Broker              Other (identify)

(please circle ane)

Contact information of ; Composting Facility, Broker, Farmer, or Other (a5 identified above):

Kae Yaoms, BATT Cd io “Veron 49777
Name                        Number and Street                         City                Zip Code               Phone Number
Manure/Process Wastewater Destination Address or Assessor's Parcel Number:

SH- GUS ~ WR

Number and Street                             City                           Zip Code                  Assessor's Parcel Number

Dates Hauled:  7) Vr  im \ 2uU

Amount Hauled:

Enter the amount of manure hauled in tons or cubic yards (indicate the units used), the manure solids content
(if amount reported in cubic yards), and the method used to calculate the amount:

>» Manure:      ;  HAWD          ons)pr Cubic Yards (indicate which units used)

> Manure Moisture % :

(if amount reported in tons) or manure density

>  Methad used to determine amount of manure:

Enter the amount of process wastewater hauled in gallons and the method used to determine the amount.

>» Process Wastewater:                                                       Galions

» Method used to determine volume of process wastewater:

Written Agreement:

Does the Operator have a written agreement (in compliance with Land Application Specification C.2 of Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No,
R5-2007-0035) with any party that receives process wastewater from the Operator for its own use? (please check one)

Yes                        No
lf the answer is no, the Operator agrees to have such a written agreement with any such party far any process wastewater transferred after 31 December

2007 to such party.

(Operator shall provide initials here to acknowledge this requirement).

Certification:

| declare under the penalty of law that | personally examined and am familiar with the information submitted in this document, and that based on my inquiry
of those individuals immediately responsible for abtaining the information, | believe that the information is true, accurate,

and complete. | am aware that
there are significant penajtigs for submitting false information, including the possibility of a fine and imprisonment for knowing violations.
Operator's Signature:                                                                                                            Date:

Haulers Signature:

Date:
eee

—OC—

