Appendix 1 -Tier 2 Annual Report -- General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities.
Page 3 of 9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No. R2-2016-0031
B. Pre-Rainy Season Pollution Prevention - Implemented by October 31st before report submittal
In order to demonstrate that the facility is prepared for the upcoming rainy season, please attach photo-
documentation of compliance with the required preseason pollution prevention measures listed below.
These general rainy season preparations must be complete by October 31st before this Annual Report is
submitted. Please check all that apply. This report will be deemed incomplete if detailed explanations are
not provided for each "No" or "N/A" response..
Yes
 No   N/A Runoff from all roofed areas is diverted away from confined or heavily manured
areas through working gutters or other means..
 Yes
 No  N/A Berms, ditches, and other measures used to divert surface drainage away from
 manured areas or waste impoundments are adequately maintained and
protected against erosion.
Yes
   No  N/A All uncovered confined or heavily manured areas including corrals, feeding,
 watering, or loafing areas, not draining into retention ponds have been scraped
clean and/or otherwise protected.
Yes
 No  N/A Alternative confined areas are readily available before and during storm events
when animals must be relocated away from all uncovered confined areas not.
draining into retention ponds.
Yes
 No  N/A All waste containment facilities, pumping equipment, pipes, and other
conveyances have been inspected, maintained, and are free of leaks.
inundation or washout.
Yes
  No   N/A Retention pond liners have not been damaged during the clean-out process
Yes
No
 N/A Manure and wastewater have been applied to land or stockpiled at least 100 feet
from any surface water, domestic wellhead, and flood-prone or heavy run-off.
areas prior to November 30. (A 35-foot vegetative buffer or physical barrier can
be substituted for the 100-foot setback. If such an alternative practice is used,
provide details below.)
Explain No or N/A answers:
n/a
Date(s) of Pre-Rainy Season Inspections:_Wue Kly fte lO//a3
Rev 9-2022