=== Page 92 ===
atte

Destination Information:            OO a
Composting Facility / Broker / Farmer / Other (identify) € 9074  post vA (please circle one)

ATTACHMENT D

Manure/Process Wastewater Tracking Manifest
For
Existing Milk Cow Dairies

Instructions:

1) Complete one manifest for each hauling event, for each destination. A hau

several days, as long as the manure is

being hauled to the same destination.

ling event may last for

2) If there are multiple destinations, complete a separate form for each destination.

3) The operator must obtain the signature
4) The operator shall submit copies of man
Monitoring Report for Existing Milk Cow Dairies.

| Operator Information:

Name of Operator:       Pave

Name of Dairy Facility: 4 l?

Facility Address:

Number and Street

Contact Person Name and Phone Number. /iZ

Contact information of Composting Facility, Broker,

Havrest ZYUKRE RA 190

Name                         Number and Street

HN Vlete femx

|  Manure/Process Wastewater Hauler Information:
| Name of Hauling Company/Person: GONZALEZ AND SONS TRUCKING

of the hauler upon completion of each manure-hauling event.
ure/process wastewater tracking manifest(s) with the Annual

Le,
ity      Zip C
TLIO - ISVS

, of
0

fine                             Phone Number

ode

Address of Hauling Company /Person: P.O BOX 2420 TULARE CA 93274

Contact Person: ANGEL GONZALEZ            (559)358-6923

Farmer, or Other (as identified above):
Te lava: PEZtH (SYL% Ke

City               Zip Code            Phone Number

Manure/Process Wastewater Destination Address or Assessor's Parcel Number:

Number and Street                                  City

f

Dates Hauled: 7-25 . 2v     )    g

Amount Hauled:
Enter the amount of manure hauled in tons or cubic

Zip Code               Assessor's Parcel Number

7 Dec 202

yards (indicate the units used), the manure

solids content (if amount reported in tons) or manure density (if amount reported in cubic yards),

and the method used to calculate the amount:

Manurev) 400 (Tong or Cubic Yards (indicate which units used)
e

Manure Solids

Manure Density (if amount reported in cubic yards):

nt (if amount reported in tons):

nA nt A TEC A Lt UR rept phate eapsitbnnstrnnenerenreninee

ee reemeeremeery erraentatyeneeen tne ensevepumpanens se rahenininerrertanrice-erraysann


=== Page 93 ===
mm

Attachment D

Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No. R5-2007-0035
Existing Milk Cow Dairies

D-2

Method used to determine amount of manure:  é eg ag    ;     ay Cf  e

eee

Enter the amount of process wastewater hauled in gallons and the method used to determine the |
amount.

Process Wastewater:                                Gallons

Method used to determine. volume of process wastewater:

Written Agreement:

Does the Operator have a written agreement (in compliance with Land Application Specification
C.2 of Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No. R5-2007-0035) with any party that
receives process wastewater from the Operator for its own use? (please check one)

Yes                        No

If the answer is no, the Operator agrees to have such a written agreement with any such party
for any process wastewater transferred after 31 December 2007 to such party.

(Operator shall provide initials here to acknowledge this requirement).

Certification:

| declare under the penalty of law that | personally examined and am familiar with the information
submitted in this document, and that based on my inquiry of those individuals immediately responsible for
obtaining the information, | believe that the information is true, accurate, and complete. | am aware that
there are significant penalties for submitting false information, including the possibility of a fine and

imprisonment for knowing viglations.
,                                                         Date: 8//0Z2
Date: 4//O/72S

Operator's Signature:

Hauler’s Signature:

