APPENDIX1
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Tier 2 Annual Report Form
Revised 09/2022
Report Date:
Annual Report
San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality Control Board Waste Discharge
Requirements for Confined Animal Facillties
Order No.R2-2016-0031
Due November 30reporting for preceding 12 month period (November 1 through October 31)
Facllt NameJs FmilyDairy Faolty Adress Hob9ChilenoValley Ro Petalueme
q4a ChilenovalleyR
ZSbhb
Pnone:707769-8836
Emall
Lsealetaacol.eon
Propety ownerPaul+lis Spalelamaing AddressS
Phone:
E-mall:
Current #of mature dairy cows (milking + dry)280
Current #and type of other animals
Current parcels (production and grazing)06-140091723242526
Within the last year has any of the above information changed?D_f yes. please highlight new iniormation.
The objective of the Annual Report is to provide compliance updates,demonstrate that the facillty is ready for the
rainy season,document required water quality monitoring and actions taken to correct identified problems,and to
demonstrate that each facllity is operating in compliance with the requirements of Order No.R2-2016-0031
(General Permit).
Any discharges of waste,wastewater or contaninated stormwater that may endanger human health or the
environment, mnust be verbally reported within 24 hours of becoming aware of the cccurrence to the Water Boare
Spill Hotine at (510 622-2369 and to the Califonia Offce of Emergency Servlces 0ES) at (800) 852-7550
Within 14 business daysa written report describing the incident and resulting corrective actions must be
submitted, as indicated below.
By November 30 cf each year,please complete tnis form to document compliance and submit it to
FAX
Mall
San Franclsco Bay Regional
R2ConfinedAnimals@waterboards.ca.goy
San Francisco Regional
Water Quality Control Board
Water Quallty Control Board
ATTN: Confined Animal
ATTN:Confined Animal
Facilty Program
Facillty Program
1515 Clay Strect,Suite 1400
OaklandCA04812
(510622-2460 (fax)
RO2022
Page 20f9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General wDRs for Contined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Please complete the following Annual Report by checking all actions completed and attaching
documentation of any water quality threats and corrective actions taken.Provide photographs and
explanations as indicated.
A.Compllance Status
Each facility must develop and Implement the following programs/plans consistent with technical standards
and schedulespecified within the General Permit, and provide a written certification that each plan is
prepared and implemented in accordance with the mininum requirements.Please chsck all that apply
1.Faciity Monitoring Program-Due within 1 year of permit enrollment
Yes
No
On site inspection andmonitoring plan is completed and ready for upcoming rainy season.
If noplease expn
Yes  No
The facility is participating in a group monitoring progra
If not participating in a group monitoring program,did you complete the individual surace water sampling
0YesNo
requirements?
If noplease explain
2.Waste Management Plan (for production area-Due within 2 years of permit enrollment
Yes No
Date of compietion
Plan is completed/updated
Pian is fully inpemented
vs
No
Yes
No
 Previously submitted
Certification is attached
If noplease exp
3.Grazing Management Plan (f 50 acres or more are grazed)-Due within 2 years of permit enrollment
2015
Yes No  N/A
Date of completion
Pian is complsted/updated
Yyes  No  NA
Plan is fully implemented
Yes Q No  NA
Previously submitted
Certification is attached
If noplease explain
4.Nutrient Management Plan if waste is applied to land-Due within 4 years cf permit enrollment
facllities with 700 or more mature cows must have a nutrient management plan upon waiver enrollment
Date of completion:2019/uodafing
Planis completed/updated
Yes  No  NA
eoN
Technical education program
Other professiona
Was the plan prepared through:
NReS
CDBAlALrislocha
Provide name of program or professiona
Yes
No
0
NA
Plan is fully implemented
No NA
Previously submitted
Cartifcation is attached
If noplease explain
Rev-2022
Page 3of9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General WDRs for Confined Anina Facilities
Monitoring and Reporing Program No.R2-20160031
B,Pre-Rainy Season Pollution Prevention- Implemented by October 31sbefore report submitial
In order to demonstrate that the facility is prepared for the upcoming rainy seasonpiease attach photo
documentation of compliance with the required preseason pollution prevention measures listed below.
These general rainy season preparations must be complete by October 31st before this Annual Report is
submitted.Please check all that apply.This report will be deemed incomplete if detailed explanations are
not provided for aach No' or N/A response.
EYes
No N/A Runoff from all roofed areas is diverted away from contined or heavily manured
areas through working gutters or other means.
Yes
No N/A Bermsditches,and other measures used to divert surface drainage away trom
manured areas or waste impoundments are adequately maintained and
protected against erosion.
&Yes
No  N/A All uncovered confined or heavily manured areas including corralsfeeding
wateringor loating areasnot draining into retention ponds have been scraped
clean and/or otherwise protected.
Yes
No  N/A Alternative confined areas are readily available before and during storm events
when animals must be relocated away from all uncovered confined areas not
draining into retention ponds.
VYes
conveyances have been inspected maintained and are free of leaks
Yes
No NA All retention ponds have been emptied properly maintainedand protected from
inundation or washout
Yes
No  N/A Retention pond liners have nat been damaged during the clean-out process
Yes
N/A Manure and wastewater have been applied to land or stockpiled at least 100 feet
from any surface water domestic wellhead, and food-prone or heavy runoff
areas prior to November 30.(A 35-foot vegetative buffer or physical barrier can
be substituted for the 100-foot setback.lf such an alternative practice is used,
provide details below.)
Explain No or N/A answers
Date(s) of Pre Rainy Season Inspections:Daly Visuuilins elchi
B002
Page40f9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
C.Compliance Inspections
Periodic visual inspections must be conducted to ensure each facility is operated and maintained in
compliance with the General Permit.Observations of any threats to water quality and corrective actions
taken shall be documented throughout the year and reported below. Inspection logs shall be maintained
for five years.Please check all that apply and explain each "No' response.
Production / Confined Area Inspections
YYes No
Did you conduct daily inspections of confined and production areas,including retention
pondspumping equipment water lines,corralstravel laneswater crossings,feed
storage areasloating areasetc.,to confirm that
All stormwater contacting waste was contained;
All non-stomwater waste and/or wastewater was contained;
Animals were prevented from entering surface waters or clean stornwater diversion
ditches;and
Clean stormwater was diverted away from manured areas?
If noexplain
Retention Pond Inspections
XYes
No
Did you conduct weekly inspections of retention ponds to contirm that:
2 feet of freeboard was maintained for partially or completely above ground ponds or
1 foot freeboard for those completely in ground and
Berms were free of crackingslumpingexcess vegetationanimal burrows and/or
seepage?
AYes
No
Was freeboard measured and recorded monthly during the dry season (Apr.Sept.)?
 Yes
No
Was freeboard measured and recorded weekly during the rainy season (Oct.-Mar.)?
If no,explain
Storm Event Inspections
Yes
No
Did you conduct inspections of entire facility before, during and after storm events to
confirm that:
Retention ponds and structures were sound and had adequate capacity
Receiving waters,both up and downstream of facility ware monitored,and water
quality changes were documented and reported,where required; and
All pollution prevention measures,for confined areas,grazing landsand land
application areas were implemented and effective?
If no,explain
Rey9-2022
Page 5of9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General wDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Cropland and/or Pasture Inspections (areas where wastewater and manure are applied)
Yes
No
Did you conduct land application inspections at least once daily during each irrigation
and/or spreading event,to confirm that:
Land application activities did not result in erosionfield saturationrunoff,or
nuisance conditions;and
Liquid or solid manure was applied to land according to required set-backs from
waterways, flood-prone and heavy run-off areas?
Yes
0
Did you record the dates, locations, and approximate volumes of wastewater and/or
solid waste applied to land?
Yes
No
Did you record the weather conditions at the time of,and 24 hours prior to,wastewater
and/or solid waste application to cropland?
If noexplain
 Not applicable
Grazing Lands Inspections (reguired for grazing lands of 50 acres or more
Yes
No
Did you conduct grazing land inspections at least monthly during the rainy season and
twice during the dry season, including upstream and downstrean inspections of the
closest surface water bodyto confirm that:
Chosen management practices were implemented and minimum requirements for
grazing operations were met and
Grazing activities did not result in adverse impacts to receiving waters.
Yes  No Did you measure and/or estimate grazing land residual dry matter (RDMprior to the
first fall rains?
All fields> ninimum
Most fields =min
OR
RDM result (ibs./acre)50Av
Most fields< min.
All fields <min
If recommended standards were not met,or if you did not measure RDM please provide an explanation
below:aodoatwegrinh
(
Summary of Compliance Inspections
Based on your visual inspections and observations during the past year, did you discover
any threats to water quallty or pollutant discharges to surface or groundwater?
Yes No
If yesinclude a detalled description (locationdate/timephotographsand estimated amount of release and
corrective actions taken at the time of tne pollution threat and/or discharge attach additional pages i
necessary).
Rev 9-2022
Page 6 of 9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
D.Improvement Projects,Repairs and/or Corrective Measures
Describe any on-going or planned facility improvements for water quality protection,pollutant control,
and/or to meet the conditions of the General wDRs,For each project, include a timeline for completion and
aeeee anee ereee ree eee enaenea nar aer aea a nreee
Baen foof any gwtters repwced oncawing han
ReV 9-2022
Page 7 of9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
E.Water Quality Sampling
The information below summarizes the water quality sampling results, as required in the Monitoring and
Reporting Program General WDRs,Attachment A.Please refer to Attachment A,Section C,for sampling
and data analysis procedures.
Surface Water Sampling:
 Individual Monitoring Plan
Check the box that applies
Group Monitoring Program
If you are not identified as participating in a Group Monitoring Program, you are responsible for individual
surface water sampling as required in the General Permit,Attachment A.Sampling shall take place during
or directly following each of 3 major storm events,after at least 1 inch of rain per 24 hours.Sampling
events shall be at least 14 days apart.
1.Provide surface water sampling results in the table below or attach similar documentation including
any lab reports.Also attach a map of the sampling locations, including the proximity of the confined
facilities and land application areas.
2.Describe your sampling methods (field equipment test kitsmeasurement devices,etc.
Table 1:Suriace Water Sampling Results
Sampling Results
Constituent
Benchmark
Sample I.D.
Date Collected
Result
Specitic
Below 2000
conductance
S/cm
Below 1 ppmor
mg/l) and meets
Total ammonia
calculated
nitrogen NH3
unionized
NH4+)
ammonia
benchmark
Unionized
ammonia (NH3
0.025 mg
as calculated
pH
6.5-8.5
Temperature
none
(C)
Rev 9-2022
Page 8 of9
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Both participants ot a Group Monitoring Program and faclities with an Individual Monitoring Plan.fill
out the section below:
0 Yes
No
Did any surface water samples exceed General Order benchmarks?
If yes, identify the results of the additional samples conducted to isolate the problem,and describe
the findings.Include a detailed description of the identified pollutant source and corrective actions
taken (attach additional pages if necessary)
Groundwater Sampling:
All facillties with manure storage ponds must conduct groundwater sampling (even if you are participating in
a group monitoring program).Any existing representative wells located within the confined facilityincluding
domestic and agricultural supply wells,shall be sampled 4 times total, approximately 6 months apart.
Results of groundwater samples collected consistently with the sampling protocols and within these time
frames for another purpose (e.g.for a County Health Department or by the County milk inspector may be
submitted to the Water Board instead of collecting additional samples.The sample must be representative
of groundwater well conditions (i.e.not disinfected)
Groundwater samples shall be analyzed by a laboratory certified by the State Department of Heaith
Services or a laboratory pre-approved by the Water Board staff.
Check the box below that applies:
Reporting groundwater sampling results this year.
In Table 2,list the samples that have been collected to date
In Table 3,report your results.
Attach the lab reports for each sample reported in Table 3.
Groundwater sampling requirement has been met.
In Table 2, list the 4 consecutive sampling periods and move on to Section F.
If checked move on to Section F.
Table 2:Groundwater Sample Tracker
Date Completed
Season
Groundwater Sampling Periods
Fall
Spring
Sampling Period 1
Fall
Spring
Sampling Period2
Fall
Spring
Sampling Period 3
Fall
Spring
Sampling Period4
Rev9-2022
Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General wDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Page 9 0f9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Table 3:Groundwater Sampling Results
Benchmark
Sampling Resuits
Constituent
(municipal
(Complete below and attach lab reports.)
suppiy)
Fall
Date collected:
Nitrate
45.0mg/
Well LD.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Total
1.1MPN/100ml
Coliform
Bacteria
Spring
Date collected:
Welll.D.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Note:If all sampling events have not been completed during the requlred time periods,future sampling is required until al
wells have been sampled a total of 4 times consecutivelyapproximately 6 months apart
If reporting groundwater samples this year.fill out the section below:
Did any groundwater samples from this year exceed General Order benchmarks? Yes  No
Have any wells had multiple samples exceed General Order benchmarks? Yes No  N/A
If yes to bothadditional sampling may be necessary to confirm the result, and Water Board Staff
will follow up within 30 days of the Annual Report deadline to investigate the concern. In the area
below, describe any additional information you may have about the contaminated well (attach
additional pages if necessary)
F.
 Summary
Yos
No
Have all the required monitoring and inspections been completed?
Yes
No
Have certifications for all required reports been submitted to the San Francisco Bay
Regional Water Quality Control Board?
Yes
No
Based on your visual inspections and water quality monitoring resuits,did
your facility operate in compliance with the General Permit?
If noexplain
Certification
 cerfy under penaty of law tnat I have personally examined and am familiar with the information submitted in this
report and all attachments and that, based on my inquiry of tnose individuals immediately responsible for obtaining the
informationI believe that the information is trueaccurateand complete.I am aware that thero are signficant
penalties for submitting false information including tne possibllity of fine and imprisonment.
Printe
nt
0L
Signature
Date
Rey9-2022
Ff+fJ mN
JJ`s P;t