Appendix 1-Tier 2 Annual Report-General wDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Page 9 0f9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No.R2-2016-0031
Table 3:Groundwater Sampling Results
Benchmark
Sampling Resuits
Constituent
(municipal
(Complete below and attach lab reports.)
suppiy)
Fall
Date collected:
Nitrate
45.0mg/
Well LD.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Total
1.1MPN/100ml
Coliform
Bacteria
Spring
Date collected:
Welll.D.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Note:If all sampling events have not been completed during the requlred time periods,future sampling is required until al
wells have been sampled a total of 4 times consecutivelyapproximately 6 months apart
If reporting groundwater samples this year.fill out the section below:
Did any groundwater samples from this year exceed General Order benchmarks? Yes  No
Have any wells had multiple samples exceed General Order benchmarks? Yes No  N/A
If yes to bothadditional sampling may be necessary to confirm the result, and Water Board Staff
will follow up within 30 days of the Annual Report deadline to investigate the concern. In the area
below, describe any additional information you may have about the contaminated well (attach
additional pages if necessary)
F.
 Summary
Yos
No
Have all the required monitoring and inspections been completed?
Yes
No
Have certifications for all required reports been submitted to the San Francisco Bay
Regional Water Quality Control Board?
Yes
No
Based on your visual inspections and water quality monitoring resuits,did
your facility operate in compliance with the General Permit?
If noexplain
Certification
 cerfy under penaty of law tnat I have personally examined and am familiar with the information submitted in this
report and all attachments and that, based on my inquiry of tnose individuals immediately responsible for obtaining the
informationI believe that the information is trueaccurateand complete.I am aware that thero are signficant
penalties for submitting false information including tne possibllity of fine and imprisonment.
Printe
nt
0L
Signature
Date
Rey9-2022