=== Page 49 ===
Manure/Process Wastewater Tracking Manifest For Existing Milk Cow Dairies

Instructions:
1) Complete one manifest for each hauling even, for each destination. A hauling event may last for several days, as long as lhe manure Is being hauled to the same
destination.

2) ~=siif there are muitipie destinations, complete a separate form for each destination.
3) The operator must obtain the signature of the hauler upon completion of each manure-hauling event.
4

The operator shall submil copies of manure/oro  ess wastewater lracking manifest(s) with the Annual Monitoring Report for Exist
Operator Information:

Name of Operator:

g Milk Cow Dairies.

Name of Dairy Facility:

Facility Address:

jie” DN
Number and Street

Contact Person Name:

Name
Manure/Process Wastewater Hauler Information:
Name of Hauling Company/Person:

Phone Number

Address of Hauling Company /Person:

Number and Street                                     City                 Zip Code
Contact Person:
Name                                                                                  Phone Number

Destination Information:
Composting Facility / Broker/ Farmer JOther (identify)                                        (please circle one)

Contact information of : Composting Facility, Broker, Farmer, or Other (as identified above):

1e)

Name                              Number and Street                               City

Zip Code        ssa ates    ( K  1% O
Manure/Process Wastewater Deslination Address or Assessor's Parcel Number:

Number and Street                               City                           Zip Code                   Assessor's Parcel Number

Dates Hauled:

Amount Hauled:

Enter the amount of manure hauled in tons or cubic yards (indicate the units used), the manure solids content {If amount reported in tons) or manure density
(if amount reported in cubic yards), and the method used to calculate the amount

> Manure:     ay c \C K  )        ffons pr Cubic Yards (indicate which units used)

>» Manure Moisture % :
ee

> Method used to determine amount of manure:

eee
Enter the amount of process wastewater hauled in gallons and the method used to determine the amount.

» Process Wastewater:                                                        Gallons

> Method used fo determine volume of process wastewater:

Written Agreement:

Does the Operator have a written agreement (in compliance with Land Application Specification C.2 of Waste Discharge Requirements General Order No.
R5-2007-0035) with any party that receives process wastewater from the Operator for ils own use?  (please check one)
Yes                         No

If the answer is no, the Operator agrees to have such a written agreement with any such party for any process wastewater translerred after 31 December
2007 to such party,

(Operator shall provide initials here to acknowledge this requirement).

Certification:

| declare under the penalty of law that f personally examined and am familiar with the i
of those individuals irmediatef  responsible for obtaining the ipfay
there are significant penaltjag

information submitted in this document, and that based on my inquiry
ation, | believe thal the information is true, accurate, and complete. | am aware that
i        b possibility of a fine and imprisonment for knowing violations.

Operator's Signature:

Hauler's Signature:
