Appendix 1 -Tier 2 Annual Report -- General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
 Monitoring and Reporting Program No. R2-2016-0031
Page 9 of 9
See atched
Table 3: Groundwater Sampling Results
Benchmark
Sampling Results
Constituent
(municipal
(Complete below and attach lab reports.)
(Ajddns
Nitrate
45.0 mg/l
Fall
Date collected:
Well lI.D.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Total
1.1 MPN/100 ml
Coliform
Bacteria
Spring
Date collected:
Well I.D.
Nitrate
Total Coliform
Note: If all sampling events have not been completed during the required time periods, future sampling is required until all.
 wells have been sampled a total of 4 times consecutively, approximately 6 months apart.
If reporting groundwater samples this year, fill out the section below:
Did any groundwater samples from this year exceed General Order benchmarks?  Yes  No
Have any wells had multiple samples exceed General Order benchmarks?  Yes  No  N/A
If yes to both, additional sampling may be necessary to confirm the result, and Water Board Staff
will follow up within 30 days of the Annual Report deadline to investigate the concern. In the area
below, describe any additional information you may have about the contaminated well (attach
additional pages if necessary)
F. Summary
Yes  No
Have all the required monitoring and inspections been completed?
VYes
 No
hn rarrrneen ene tee re aaernnr eneg darnen aarnnaie ee ere dernrnnn raen
Regional Water Quality Control Board?
Yes
 No
Based on your visual inspections and water quality monitoring results, did
your facility operate in compliance with the General Permit?
If no, explain:
Certification
"I certify under penalty of law that I have personally examined and am familiar with the information submitted in this
report and all attachments and that, based on my inquiry of those individuals immediately responsible for obtaining the
information, I believe that the information is true, accurate, and complete. I am aware that there are significant
penalties for submitting false information, including the possibility of fine and imprisonment."
manie
Daiti
Printed Name
Nayr
Title
11-28-30J3
Signature
Date
Rev 9-2022