Appendix 1 -Tier 2 Annual Report -- General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Page 5 of 9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No. R2-2016-0031
Cropland and/or Pasture Inspections (areas where wastewater and manure are applied)
Yes
 No
Did you conduct land application inspections at least once daily during each irrigation
and/or spreading event, to confirm that:
 Land application activities did not result in erosion, field saturation, runoff, or.
nuisance conditions; and
 Liquid or solid manure was applied to land according to required set-backs from.
waterways, flood-prone and heavy run-off areas?
 Yes
 No
Did you record the dates, locations, and approximate volumes of wastewater and/or
solid waste applied to land?
 Yes
 No
Did you record the weather conditions at the time of, and 24 hours prior to, wastewater
and/or solid waste application to cropland?
If no, explain:
Grazing Lands Inspections (required for grazing lands of 50 acres or more).
 Not applicable
 Yes
 No
Did you conduct grazing land inspections at least monthly during the rainy season and
twice during the dry season, including upstream and downstream inspections of the
closest surface water body, to confirm that:
/
Chosen management practices were implemented and minimum requirements for.
grazing operations were met; and
 Grazing activities did not result in adverse impacts to receiving waters.
 Yes   No Did you measure and/or estimate grazing land residual dry matter (RDM), prior to the
first fall rains?
 All fields > minimum
 Most fields = min.
OR
RDM result (Ibs. / acre): Between 1467 and 1510
 Most fields < min.
 All fields < min
If recommended standards were not met, or if you did not measure RDM, please provide an explanation
below:
Summary of Compliance Inspections
Based on your visual inspections and observations during the past year, did you discover
any threats to water quality or pollutant discharges to surface or groundwater?
 Yes  No
If yes, include a detailed description (location, date/time, photographs, and estimated amount of release) and
corrective actions taken at the time of the pollution threat and/or discharge (attach additional pages if
necessary).
 Rev 9-2022