Appendix 1 -Tier 2 Annual Report -- General WDRs for Confined Animal Facilities
Page 8 of 9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No. R2-2016-0031
Both participants of a Group Monitoring Program and facilities with an Individual Monitoring Plan, fill
out the section below:.
Did any surface water samples exceed General Order benchmarks?   Yes
x No
If yes, identify the results of the additional samples conducted to isolate the problem, and describe.
the findings. Include a detailed description of the identified pollutant source and corrective actions.
taken (attach additional pages if necessary).
Groundwater Sampling:.
 NO WELLS ON SITE
All facilities with manure storage ponds must conduct groundwater sampling (even if you are participating in
heaannnnn aennn aeennnn nne eeeng aeeenn aeg nennnnnannnnn nenenen nen renninnn neenennn dnnnn e
ande aannnr n naoonnnnnnne aonnn annn n annnaed an nenel aaani nnnnnd nennnnnnte pne naanrel.
Results of groundwater samples collected consistently with the sampling protocols and within these time.
fe ner reannnnaer gar neenrr aee ee er eenrnnner ennne eaenrr e nne nae farnand gannnee ane aareee
submitted to the Water Board instead of collecting additional samples. The sample must be representative
of groundwater well conditions (i.e. not disinfected).
Groundwater samples shall be analyzed by a laboratory certified by the State Department of Health
Services or a laboratory pre-approved by the Water Board staff.
Check the box below that applies:
 Reporting groundwater sampling results this year.
 In Table 2, list the samples that have been collected to date.
 In Table 3, report your results..
Attach the lab reports for each sample reported in Table 3.
 Groundwater sampling requirement has been met.
 In Table 2, list the 4 consecutive sampling periods and move on to Section F.
 The facility has no domestic or agricultural supply wells representative of its waste retention ponds
 If checked, move on to Section F.
Table 2: Groundwater Sample Tracker
Groundwater Sampling Periods.
Season
Date Completed
Sampling Period 1
 Fall
 Spring
Sampling Period 2
 Fall
 Spring
Sampling Period 3
 Fall
 Spring
Sampling Period 4
 Fall
 Spring
Rev 9-2022