Arna arrnneannnnneenn aanrprnnnne pnne apnnneeane a erannnes
Page 8 of 9
Monitoring and Reporting Program No. R2-2016-0031
Both participants of a Group Monitoring Program and facilities with an Individual Monitoring Plan, fill
out the section below:
 eee  eanrnrereereeaer eeaneee aanree anarrereear ennnnr eee ea
 No
If yes, identify the results of the additional samples conducted to isolate the problem, and describe
the findings. Include a detailed description of the identified pollutant source and corrective actions
taken (attach additional pages if necessary)..
Groundwater Sampling:
All facilities with manure storage ponds must conduct groundwater sampling (even if you are participating in
a group monitoring program). Any existing representative wells located within the confined facility, including
domestic and agricultural supply wells, shall be sampled 4 times total, approximately 6 months apart.
Results of groundwater samples collected consistently with the sampling protocols and within these time
frames for another purpose (e.g. for a County Health Department or by the County milk inspector) may be
submitted to the Water Board instead of collecting additional samples. The sample must be representative
of groundwater well conditions (i.e. not disinfected)..
Groundwater samples shall be analyzed by a laboratory certified by the State Department of Health
Services or a laboratory pre-approved by the Water Board staff.
Check the box below that applies:
 Reporting groundwater sampling results this year..
 In Table 2, list the samples that have been collected to date.
In Table 3, report your results..
Attach the lab reports for each sample reported in Table 3..
 Groundwater sampling requirement has been met..
 In Table 2, list the 4 consecutive sampling periods and move on to Section F.
 The facility has no domestic or agricultural supply wells representative of its waste retention ponds.
 If checked, move on to Section F..
Table 2: Groundwater Sample Tracker.
Groundwater Sampling Periods
Season
Date Completed
Sampling Period 1
 Fall
Spring
6/2023
Sampling Period 2
 Spring
102%2
Fall
Sampling Period 3
 Fall
 Spring
777722
Sampling Period 4
 Fall
Spring
3/8/70
Rev 9-2022